NO-JIRA: docs/FAQ: link KCS for mixed composefs state (#1939)
openshift/os: docs/faq.md

Every version of the system will have its own unique composefs EROFS image.

With composefs, `/` is backed by `/sysroot` and any disk monitoring tools should be updated to watch the `/sysroot` mountpoint, which is the real physical root.

In some cases, after an upgrade, some nodes may have composefs enabled but not all of them. This is a known state caused by a bug in the MCO that

> cause some nodes to apply the update twice, causing them to get composefs enabled sooner than other. This has no impact and will resolve itself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
causes some nodes to apply the update twice, causing them to get composefs enabled sooner than others. This has no impact and will resolve itself
```

> cause some nodes to apply the update twice, causing them to get composefs enabled sooner than other. This have no incidence and will resolve itself

Reviewer 2: > This have no incidence

I think this would read nicer as something like "this has no impact".

> at the next update. See this [knoledge base article](https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7139041) for more details.

Reviewer 2: > knoledge

knowledge
